Da Lan, all women dare to leave the Emperor,
They are not allowed to leave, let them go!
What kind of law is this?
Men are not! Men are in the final big vagina,
Look up to Su Zhi and ask for help! Do you want to do it?
Not satisfied, I came to my senior brother,
The fortune will change quickly than the net dimension,
In front of me, I'm transforming into Kaneshiro.
Thirteen years of humiliation on the fishing boat
Thirteen years of broken mouth and core injuries
When did he really yue
Your Majesty will come online
On the same day, Wenyang, a state-owned enterprise, and his prosperity
Yin Army, our army united for two days
Our army's front line obtained the enemy's general's mobile phone
Now you have the tools to turn into gold until Huang Hong
Good. If you continue to wear it, you will become rich financially and with people.
Xiaoyou, won’t you celebrate peace loudly for me?
What kind of eyes does the former commander Naizhen use?
He was made a self-spirit by me late at night